typo (securiy -> security) (#66)
corona-warn-app/cwa-testresult-server: docs/architecture-overview.md

|Role|	Authentication	|Comment|
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|

> |GW to connected Labs (/lab/result Endpoint) | TLS Client Certificate, 2nd factor IP Range | Endpoint is exposed to an other security zone

Reviewer: let's fix this as well...

```suggestion
|GW to connected Labs (/lab/result Endpoint) | TLS Client Certificate, 2nd factor IP Range | Endpoint is exposed to another security zone
```

Author: The string 'an other' is vanishingly rare in English. In contrast 'another' is positively pervasive.  However, could it be that 'any other' is meant? See: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/56435/an-other-vs-another

Author: Notwithstanding, 'another', 'an other' or 'any other' is not a typo and probably should not be part of this pull request as this request has the subject 'typo' and no intention to change the meaning, imo.
